README.md, before:

# BANKA | Online Banking (Neo-Bank)

_A modern and responsive Online banking as a landing page built with JavaScript (ES6), featuring dynamic content, interactive shopping features, and smooth animations powered by GSAP._

## 🚀 Live Demo
🔗 [https://LyesMedjahed/projects-BANKA.com](https://lyesmedjahed.github.io/projects-BANKA/)

## 📸 Preview
![Project Preview](./images/banka.gif)

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JS-yellow?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![ES6](https://img.shields.io/badge/ES6-yellow?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![GSAP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GSAP-black?style=flat-square&logo=greensock&logoColor=32FF00)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-orange?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-blue?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

## ✨ Features
- Responsive design for all screen sizes
- Smooth scroll-based animations using GSAP ScrollTrigger
- Dynamic header and footer loading with modern JavaScript ES6 (async/await)
- Interactive shopping cart with product count
- Checkout modal (Buy Now popup)
- Product collection display dynamically
- Product color selection
- Modern UI/UX
- Clean and maintainable code

## 📂 Installation & Setup
```bash
git clone https://github.com/LyesMedjahed/projects-SARA
cd projects-SARA
npm install
npm run dev

Commit message:

Enhance README with new feature descriptions
Added detailed features for the interactive landing page and animations.

README.md, after:

# BANKA | Online Banking (Neo-Bank)

_A modern and responsive Online banking as a landing page built with JavaScript (ES6), featuring dynamic content, interactive shopping features, and smooth animations powered by GSAP._

## 🚀 Live Demo
🔗 [https://LyesMedjahed/projects-BANKA.com](https://lyesmedjahed.github.io/projects-BANKA/)

## 📸 Preview
![Project Preview](./images/banka.gif)

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JS-yellow?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![ES6](https://img.shields.io/badge/ES6-yellow?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![GSAP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GSAP-black?style=flat-square&logo=greensock&logoColor=32FF00)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-orange?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-blue?style=flat-square&logo=css3&logoColor=white)

## ✨ Features
 - Interactive Landing Page – A dynamic homepage showcasing the bank card and its benefits.

 - Smooth Card Animation – The card follows the scroll, moving in a zigzag pattern to highlight key features, creating an engaging user experience.

 - Progressive Feature Discovery – Users uncover the advantages of the card gradually as they scroll down the page.

 - Multiple Card Options – Three card types are presented: Standard, Silver, and Gold, with the Silver card accompanying the user through the entire scroll.

 - GSAP Animations – Smooth and responsive animations powered by GSAP, delivering a modern, professional feel.

 - Responsive Design – Optimized for all screen sizes, from mobile to tablet and desktop.

## 📂 Installation & Setup
```bash
git clone https://github.com/LyesMedjahed/projects-SARA
cd projects-SARA
npm install
npm run dev
